2006 Freightliner brought to you by
crazy joes oil sales and service this
one is a business class model has a cat
engine it very impressive sorry about
the closeness with just a little packed
up today 12 feet high seven inches gross
weight as you see dual batteries
very nice inside
as you see the mileage 246
air conditioning does work nice and cold
actually more or less like a car inside
very very inviting luxurious actually
matte lights
your safety equipment here
fire extinguisher
boxes in great shape try to show you as
best as I can you can see those rear
tires underneath also in very very good
shape
come around the other way I'm more room
over there for you to see at least we
put this down see girls let's take a
look at the front
definitely decal this up if you'd like
we will watch this
clean it up we're doing this one
currently we also feature step dance
here
while Co
at the rear hydraulic this way if you
have to load anything up you can pulse
on the top will see through this way you
have plenty of lighting in there it'll
restore a lot as a key for the lock
there also it's right here and lock that
as well putting on a pair
need more information please give us a
call here facing shows over
we have financing available on this and
leases give us a call seven one eight
four four eight five five four